[ext-doc] Update Popover API instructions in SW tutorial (#6244)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/tut-quick-reference/index.md

  </figcaption>
</figure>

{% Aside %}

> The Popover API was [launched in Chrome 114][popover-chrome-status].

Author: ```suggestion
The Popover API was launched in Chrome 114.
```

> The Popover API [launched in Chrome 114][popover-chrome-status] in early May 2023.

Author: ```suggestion
The Popover API was [launched in Chrome 114][popover-chrome-status].
```
